   We've detected that Javascript is not enabled. It is required for an
   optimal survey taking experience.
   Please check your browser's settings and make sure Javascript is turned
   on. [1]Click here for more information.

NRPA/Walmart Foundation 2016 Out-of-School Time Programs Grant Application

   Introduction
   There was an error on your page. Please correct any required fields and
   submit again. [2]Go to the first error

   The National Recreation and Park Association (NRPA) is pleased to
   announce the availability of grant funds from the Walmart Foundation to
   support children’s health through park and recreation out-of-school
   time programs. Grants in 2016 will focus on four main goals:
   1. Increase the number of healthy meals children in low-income
   communities receive through the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) and
   the Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) during out-of-school
   times;
   2. Provide nutrition literacy to children and families that creates
   behavior change by teaching the importance of healthy eating;
   3. Implement nutrition standards that increase access to healthier
   foods and support a healthy eating environment; and
   4. Promote meal and program efficiencies that will decrease food waste
   and lead to more sustainable meal programs.
   Eligibility
   Applicants must:
     * Be a local government agency (e.g., municipal park and recreation
       department, tribal recreation department, park district, etc.)
     * Serve meals/snacks through both the SFSP and the CACFP in 2016.
     * Did not receive funding from NRPA in 2014 or 2015 for the
       out-of-school time programs grant.

   Applicants not meeting the above requirements are not eligible for this
   grant
   Availability of Funding
   One-year grants are available and are expected to range from $25,000 to
   $35,000.  Matching funds are not required.
   Use of Funds
   Grant funds will be designated for expenditures that help local park
   and recreation agencies achieve the stated goals of the program:
   increase healthy meals served to children; provide evidence-based
   nutrition literacy to children; implement nutrition and physical
   activity standards; and promote meal and program efficiencies that will
   lead to more sustainable meal programs.
   Examples of eligible expenses include:
   • Staffing to support program implementation
   • Marketing and promotions within the local community
   • Supplies (tables and chairs, for example)
   • Food service equipment (heating or refrigeration units, for example)
   • Program transportation costs
   • Other basic needs to create or expand access to out-of-school
   nutrition programs.

   Funding cannot be used to purchase food.  Additionally, NRPA will
   provide an evidence-based, nutrition literacy curriculum for all
   agencies to use and implement.  The nutrition literacy curriculum can
   serve as an enhancement or supplement to any pre-existing nutrition
   literacy curriculum your sites are implementing.

   Application Due Date
   Applications are due by midnight ET on Tuesday, March 29, 2016. It is
   anticipated that NRPA will notify applicants by April 4, 2016.
   Please ensure responses are recorded accurately. You can save your
   progress and continue at a later time by clicking the "Save and
   continue later" link at the top of the page. Note: Only completed pages
   are saved - please enter a draft answer for each question on the page
   if you plan to save and return to your work later. The application is
   available in PDF format to assist in preparation of responses, but the
   application MUST be submitted through this online form. For a PDF copy
   [3]please click HERE[4].

   Definitions
   A site is defined as a public park, recreation/community center, or
   park-led program at another community site implementing an
   out-of-school-time enrichment program.
   Out-of-school time is defined as before/afterschool and summer.
   Questions
   Please refer to our [5]Frequently Asked Questions document for
   additional information.
   Please contact [6]outofschoolrfa@nrpa.org with any questions that are
   not addressed in the FAQ document.
   Next
   0%

References

   1. http://www.enable-javascript.com/
   2. javascript:void(0);
   3. http://surveygizmolibrary.s3.amazonaws.com/library/27232/NewGranteesApplication2016.pdf
   4. http://surveygizmolibrary.s3.amazonaws.com/library/27232/2015Application1.pdf
   5. http://surveygizmolibrary.s3.amazonaws.com/library/27232/FAQ_OutofSchoolTime2016.pdf
   6. mailto:outofschoolrfa@nrpa.org
