   #[1]Steve Munro » Feed [2]Steve Munro » Comments Feed [3]Steve Munro »
   Metrolinx Fare Integration: Get Ready to Pay More For Subway Trips
   Comments Feed [4]TTC’s 2016 Customer Charter Reviewed [5]How Will
   SmartTrack and GO/RER Co-exist? [6]alternate [7]alternate [8]Steve
   Munro [9]WordPress.com

[10]Steve Munro

Transit & Politics

Menu

   [11]Skip to content
     * [12]A Grand Plan
          + [13]Commuter Rail Electrification
          + [14]Don Mills LRT
          + [15]Downtown Relief Line
          + [16]Eglinton LRT
          + [17]Finch West LRT
          + [18]GO Transit
          + [19]Jane LRT
          + [20]Sheppard East LRT
          + [21]Scarborough-Malvern LRT
          + [22]Scarborough RT/LRT/Subway
          + [23]SmartTrack
          + [24]Union Station
          + [25]Waterfront
     * [26]Finance
          + [27]Fares & Fare Collection
     * [28]Service Cost and Quality
          + [29]Service Analysis
               o [30]Bathurst Bus
               o [31]Bathurst Car
               o [32]Bay Bus
               o [33]Carlton Car
               o [34]Dufferin Bus
               o [35]Dundas Car
               o [36]King Car
               o [37]Kingston Road
               o [38]Lawrence East Bus
               o [39]Queen Car
               o [40]Spadina Car
               o [41]St. Clair Car
               o [42]Wellesley Bus
          + [43]Accessibility
     * [44]Vehicles
          + [45]Buses
          + [46]Streetcars
          + [47]Subway Cars
     * [48]Subways
          + [49]Spadina Subway
          + [50]Sheppard Subway
     * [51]Beyond 416
          + [52]Hamilton
          + [53]Hurontario-Main LRT
          + [54]Kitchener-Waterloo
          + [55]Ottawa
          + [56]Vancouver
          + [57]York Region
     * [58]Urban Affairs
          + [59]Elections
          + [60]Fantasy
          + [61]Jane’s Walk
     * [62]Looking Back
     * [63]About
          + [64]About Me
          + [65]Reviews
          + [66]Email

   [67]February 6, 2016 by [68]Steve

Metrolinx Fare Integration: Get Ready to Pay More For Subway Trips

   One of the great mysteries surrounding the roll out of Presto on the
   TTC has been the whole debate about “Regional Fare Integration”. Now
   and then, discussion papers surface at Metrolinx, but folks at the TTC,
   especially the politicians, are strangely silent on the subject. “Wait
   and see” is the order of the day.

   Well, folks, we have waited and now we are beginning to see the
   direction Metrolinx is heading in for a consolidated GTHA-wide fare
   structure. The results will not please folks in suburban Toronto or the
   inner 905 for whom long subway trips are a routine part of their
   commutes.

   The Metrolinx Board will consider [69]an update on this subject at its
   [70]meeting on February 10.

   The presentation is in a sadly familiar Metrolinx format: lots of
   wonderful talk about consultation and fairness, and philosophical
   musings about what a fare system should look like. One big omission is
   any evaluation of the relative numbers of riders who would be affected
   by various schemes, and even worse of any sense of calibration of the
   fares to produce different results.

   This comes at a time when we know from SmartTrack demand studies the
   importance of fare levels in attracting ridership. It is important here
   to remember that we are not talking the relatively small differences
   between types of TTC fares, or year-by-year increments, but the much
   larger deltas between TTC fares and those on GO Transit.

   The problem begins with the arbitrary segmentation of the travel market
   into “local”, “rapid transit” and “regional transit”.

   [71]201602_DefiningServiceTypes

   This is a wonderful theoretical view of the world that might find a
   home in a sophomoric academic paper, but it ignores the very real world
   in which (a) “rapid transit” today only exists within Toronto and (b)
   Toronto decided over 40 years ago that “local” trips paid one fare
   regardless of the mode they used. The entire system is designed on this
   principle, one that has consistently evaded Metrolinx planners.

   If only the world were so simple. Why is Bus Rapid Transit omitted from
   this list? Why is a streetcar (aka LRT) on right of way “rapid
   transit”, but not a bus? How close must subway or LRT stops be to each
   other for the service to drop back to a lower tier? Conversely, if
   someone slaps a “19x” route number on a bus, should it become “rapid
   transit”?

   The basic problem with this world view is that transit modes,
   especially bus and streetcar/LRT, have a wide range of overlapping
   implementations.

   The Principles

   Now comes a basic principle about trip length which, in the Metrolinx
   world, is the foundation for all fares.

   [72]201602_ContinuityPrinciple

   If trips are possible by two forms of transit within their primary
   market, the fares should be equal. Hence a short bus and subway trip
   should cost the same, and at the medium range, regional and rapid
   transit fares should be equal.

   This is a wonderful theory, but it fails on basic issues:
     * What do the terms “short”, “medium” and “long” represent? The only
       way the current TTC fare structure fits within this scheme would be
       to define all of Toronto as a “short trip”, but that is patent
       nonsense the moment we get into cross-border travel.
     * If specific distances are assigned to the screen lines in this
       model, what proportion of trips now taken on the TTC, and on GTHA
       systems in general fall into each category?
     * If “rapid transit” and “regional rail” are comparably priced, what
       happens to demand patterns? Indeed we often hear that there is no
       room on the regional system for more comparatively short-haul
       traffic.
     * If fares between modes are to be normalized, in which direction
       will they move? Will rapid transit trips become more expensive at
       “medium” or longer distances?
     * What are the implications for fares on the various long-haul subway
       extensions proposed or under construction? The TYSSE to Vaughan.
       The Scarborough Subway. The Richmond Hill subway.
     * Should a Richmond Hill subway fare cost the same as a GO fare, and
       if not, how does that fit into the model above? A challenge for
       anyone trying to pick the boundary values is that Toronto is
       rectangular, and a trip from northeastern Scarborough to downtown
       is actually longer than one from the inner 905 on Yonge Street.
     * How will this scheme fit into GO’s fare structure which is
       [73]decidedly tilted in favour of its long-distance riders and
       discourages shorter trips?

   It gets better as we delve into more “principles” behind this scheme.

   [74]201602_ConnectedNetPrinciple

   Exactly what the avoidance of penalties for using multiple service
   types might translate to in practice is unclear. If we begin with the
   premise that “higher order” types of service should cost more because
   they provide greater speed (and implied value), then it is impossible
   for trips of comparable lengths using various mixtures of modes to cost
   the same. The need to use multiple modes is a fundamental result of the
   network design (especially in Toronto), and of GO’s abdication of
   responsibility for “local” transit. Now with the emergence of
   SmartTrack, will it be considered a regional service or (merely) rapid
   transit service? How does this fit together with Mayor Tory’s claim
   that SmartTrack would operate at TTC fares unless, of course, “TTC
   fares” change substantially to make “rapid transit” more expensive.

   [75]201602_GeneralizedCostPrinciple

   This chart is quite clear: if a mode gets you somewhere faster, you
   invest less time in the journey and should be prepared to pay more to
   “buy” that speed. On some TTC routes (the extra-fare Downtown Express
   lines), people pay for comfort and speed, but on other routes (the
   “rockets”), regular fares are used because it is actually cheaper for
   the TTC to carry people “express” between major nodes in the network.
   What is missing from this chart is any sense of the cost of providing a
   service, and we see only its imputed worth as a function of speed.

   [76]201602_GradualIncrementsPrinciple

   This chart is a general illustration of the problem with coarse fare
   zones such as the situation where the 416 is one big zone, and there is
   a major cost increment when crossing the 416/905 boundary including the
   one between GO and the TTC which is conveniently ignored in most
   discussions. This principle underpins the concept that “more zones are
   better than fewer zones”, and creates a catch-22 where zones within
   Toronto are almost inevitable in order to achieve the desired
   granularity at the boundary. The illustration below shows that
   Metrolinx is already thinking of zones on a scale considerably smaller
   than the City of Toronto.

   [77]201602_ZonesPrinciple

   Things start to get woolly when we dive into actual construction of
   possible fare policies.

   [78]201602_FareByDistanceApproaches

   Note that a flat fare scheme is “applicable” only to local service.
   Once again this gets us into the thorny question of just when a service
   ceases to be “local” using the Metrolinx definition.

   [79]201602_FareStructureDesign

   A vital statement here is “Local … has the most trips”. That’s an
   intriguing concept considering the vast number of riders on the TTC
   subway network which, by definitions used here, is “rapid transit”, not
   local. Every so often, Metrolinx’ blinkered view of transit with
   “Toronto” and “everyone else” occupying a different space emerges, and
   this is a good example. The problem, of course, is that “Rapid Transit”
   is a very well used mode, on a par with all of the “local” travel in
   the entire network, and dwarfing “regional” travel by an order of
   magnitude or more. A fundamental assumption behind this process is,
   quite bluntly, wrong.

   The details begin with a chart showing the general character of the
   existing fare structure. Following sections will use the same chart as
   a basis to diagram proposed changes.

   [80]201602_StatusQuo

   Now we get a sense of what the new fare structures could look like.

   Concept 1: Modified Status Quo

   [81]201602_Concept1

   In this scheme, transfer fares between adjacent local transit systems
   would be low and standardized. This preserves agency boundaries as we
   know them, and offers only a small disincentive to cross-border travel.
   Another change would be to standardize transfer fares to and from GO, a
   change that benefits both inside-416 travel and cross-border trips.
   Those whose trips originate in the 905 would get a cheaper
   “distributor” service from the TTC system, and those travelling within
   Toronto would have a more attractive option for riding GO Transit as
   part of their journey (providing, of course, that capacity were
   available).

   The kicker is here: “Regional base fare and Rapid Transit fares more
   closely aligned to improve continuity for medium length trips”. If you
   think this means you will ride GO (or SmartTrack) for today’s subway
   fare, think again. This is a clear statement that subway fares would
   rise for “medium length trips”, whatever those are. This is directly
   contrary to decades of Toronto Council fare policy and a kick in the
   teeth to those who complain that suburban riders are penalized to use
   the TTC.

   Concept 2: Local and Rapid Transit Zones

   [82]201602_Concept2

   A zone structure would be implemented, likely with the same geography
   for both “local” and “rapid” transit. For the longest of trips via
   regional services, fares would continue to rise with distance
   travelled. A transfer charge between local and rapid transit services
   is a matter for a policy decision — does Toronto lose its long-standing
   free-transfer between subway and surface routes which is the heart of
   the network design?

   Concept 3: Hybrid

   [83]201602_Concept3

   A region wide flat fare would be implemented for “local” service. The
   obvious question here is “what is local”, and the underlying assumption
   that this embraces all service provided by city buses (highway coaches
   are an exception so that they can charge “regional” fares).

   Rapid transit fares would match local fares for “short” trips (again,
   an undefined concept), but would rise on a distance basis once the
   “medium” tier was entered. The rate of increase would become even
   steeper for “long” trips on regional service.

   Missing Pieces of the Puzzle

   Many issues are not addressed in this report, and there is not even the
   basis for public consultation. The whole question of how this would
   work in practice is punted to the future. We could well see “public
   participation” sessions in which the logical first question anyone
   might ask is “what does this mean for my fares”, but Metrolinx won’t be
   able to answer. Won’t be able, or won’t want to confront the rage of
   Toronto-based riders whose fares may go up.

   This ties in with the “three cities” map and basic questions of transit
   equity. Affluent people can afford to live downtown and have short
   transit trips as their standard, daily travel. Less affluent are forced
   into the suburbs either for economic reasons or to get housing big
   enough for a family. Meanwhile, the job market is concentrating in a
   few locations, notably downtown, and commutes generally are not
   half-hour jaunts within a community. A similar issue exists for
   students who have only a few post-secondary institutions to choose
   from, and who face long commutes to get to and from class on a transit
   network that is, generally, not oriented to their destinations.

   Another vital point the report ignores is the question of
   implementation costs — not for the hardware, but for new fare
   structures. How much will Queen’s Park shell out to make this scheme
   work, or conversely how much will local municipalities have to pony up
   to participate in the great plan without hitting up their riders for
   greatly increased fares? If Toronto wants cheaper “rapid transit”
   fares, how much would Council have to pay for the privilege, one that
   would also benefit residents of the 905?

   What Is Really Going On Here?

   This is the point where I have to think about motive and the “behind
   the scenes” machinations at Metrolinx. It is no secret that provincial
   planners have been strong-arming the local agencies to accept their
   world view of “fare integration”, and that some form of distance-based
   fares was inevitable. That this has been going on for so long begs
   important questions:
     * How much do local politicians responsible for their transit
       agencies know about the direction this work is headed? Do they
       understand the implications for their fare structures, particularly
       in Toronto’s suburbs? Has their management bothered to tell them?
     * Do Metrolinx Board members understand the implications of what is
       put before them? They are usually a docile lot content to praise
       anything their management tables with only the most superficial of
       comment. Either they have done a lot of work in advance in private
       discussion (in which case the report reflects a Board view of
       policy), or they do not understand (or want to understand) the
       implications.
     * Why are Metrolinx management allowed to repeatedly bring a major
       policy issue like fare structure before the board with only
       superficial analysis and no specifics of what the proposed
       structures would actually look like, and how riders would benefit
       from or be hurt by the new schemes?

   A good precept when considering the development of new policies is that
   Machiavellian plotting is rarely found, and sheer incompetence explains
   how things work so much better.

   Work on fare integration policy has been underway for a long time. We
   have precious little to show for it, especially in the specifics of how
   it would work (an actual fare tariff), how it would affect riders, and
   what the subsidy requirements would be for each scheme. There isn’t a
   shred of Business Case Analysis (a methodology so beloved of Metrolinx)
   nor any sensitivity tests to determine the effect of “turning the
   knobs” on various plans. Most importantly, there is no sense of the
   broader political and social context in which transit operations and
   pricing exist.

   Instead, we have a continuation of general statements and principles,
   warm fuzzy stuff that a Metrolinx Board might approve because it reads
   like motherhood until you look closely. Under the pretense of approving
   principles, the stage is set for a massive shift in fare policy notably
   within the City of Toronto where most transit riding occurs. It masks a
   revenue grab from “rapid transit” users (conveniently omitting the most
   common form of this mode outside of Toronto) and paves the way for an
   “integrated” SmartTrack fare that will most definitely not be at
   current TTC levels, the way the system was sold to voters in the first
   place.

   My analysis may be totally out to lunch, but if that’s the case, then
   Metrolinx should pony up a much more detailed description of the plans
   to prove me wrong. The unmistakable odour of equine effluent is in the
   air.

   The Metrolinx Board should reject this proposal and demand that it be
   reworked to better explain its implications beyond the level of
   “principles”, and state clearly how it will actually affect riders with
   dollars and cents examples. Anything less is an abdication of the
   Board’s responsibility.


Share this:

     * [84]Twitter
     * [85]Facebook
     * [86]Google
     *

Like this:

   Like Loading...
   This entry was posted in [87]Beyond 416, [88]Fares & Fare Collection,
   [89]GO Transit, [90]Transit. Bookmark the [91]permalink.

Post navigation

   [92]← TTC’s 2016 Customer Charter Reviewed
   [93]How Will SmartTrack and GO/RER Co-exist? →

36 thoughts on “Metrolinx Fare Integration: Get Ready to Pay More For
Subway Trips”

    1. [94]Richard White | [95]February 6, 2016 at 10:49 pm
       I have said it before and I will say it again. For this to work we
       need ZONE fares. York, Peel, Halton, Durham and Toronto need to be
       separate zones.
       Outside Toronto persons should be required to pay more to ride the
       subway. This should also apply to cross-boundary travels.
       Fare by distance will NEVER work for local transit services. I
       would not be willing to pay 6 bucks or whatever it is to ride from
       Warden to Yorkdale Mall for example. I can however see paying more
       money to ride from Warden to VMC
       Sorry if you mentioned this in your post. It is rather long and I
       did not have time to read everything.
       [96]LikeLiked by [97]1 person
    2. Steven | [98]February 7, 2016 at 12:17 am
       I generally agree the TTC should move towards a zone based system.
       Concept 2 seems like the only concept that fits the TTC. Paying
       more just because it’s rapid transit makes no sense. If we build
       the Finch West LRT to replace the 36 Finch West, anyone taking the
       bus from Highway 27 to Keele would pay a higher fare than
       previously. It wouldn’t be effective to keep a parallel bus running
       so the poorest residents can actually take the bus. The 97 Yonge
       doesn’t run into downtown except rush hour nor there is a bus along
       Bloor. If you live on those corridors, you’re automatically forced
       to pay more.
       [99]LikeLiked by [100]1 person
    3. Moaz Ahmad | [101]February 7, 2016 at 12:52 am
       We already have 2 zones in the local transit system. TTC and
       everyone else. Maintaining that structure within a system of
       so-called “integration” helps no one.
       The very least Metrolinx could do is find a way to make co-fares
       work for the thousands of people living in the 905 who have to use
       the TTC to get to their destinations. No need to overhaul the fare
       structure itself. Just keep it simple.
       Personally I’d be more interested in seeing a slightly different
       fare curve that was a bit more arch like. Instead of fares rising
       for longer regional and rapid transit trips, the fares should be
       slightly higher for the medium distance. After all, the goal of
       long distance transit is to give people the option to travel
       without driving. Having a slightly lower relative fare for long
       distances encourages transit use which means fewer cars on the
       road…especially if the relatively lower long distance transit fare
       is introduced at the same time as road pricing on the highways.
       Cheers, Moaz
       Steve: The arch you describe is how GO fares actually work already.
       Despite Metrolinx claims, they do not go up proportionally to
       distance, but grow at a slower rate for longer journeys. The
       problem for shorter journeys is that they start at a high level
       relative to “local” fares.
       I agree that a co-fare arrangement with the TTC, GO and the 905
       systems would correct much of the problem the current system has
       for riders. All that is needed is the will to subsidize this.
       The fundamental flaw at Metrolinx is that they don’t want to
       confront the issue of increasing subsidies for cross-border travel,
       of paying TTC (primarily) to carry riders from the 905 at a low
       marginal fare. The last time this issue was at the board, Rob
       Prichard observed that they originally hoped for a situation where
       they could just shuffle revenues around, but that proved
       impossible. This implies that Metrolinx has been looking at actual
       tariff structures and modelling them against actual travel
       patterns, but there is no hint of such work in the current report.
       The worst problem here is that if Metrolinx approves this, there
       will be an “official” sanction for higher subway fares that has had
       absolutely no public input or discussion.
       [102]LikeLiked by [103]1 person
    4. Brent | [104]February 7, 2016 at 2:09 am
       If “rapid transit” becomes a separate fare category, does that mean
       the concept of a monthly (or weekly) pass is obsolete? Or that
       you’ll have to buy a “rapid transit + local” pass if you have any
       expectation of having to ride the subway (or ride the subway for a
       distance greater than Metrolinx’s threshold)?
       It would be quite helpful if the presentation had included a slide
       documenting what exactly the problem is that they are trying to
       solve. My interpretation is that there are two things: (1) riders
       dislike having to pay two fares to cross a boundary on local
       transit (especially crossing Steeles Avenue), and (2) they are
       trying to figure out how to reconcile GO’s commuter-based fares
       with the desire to increase use of GO for different types of trips,
       or as a relief for the subway.
       For (1), implement a time-based fare with free transfers between
       agencies. There is an issue of how to make up the revenue that
       would be lost from those trips, but if the priority is supposed to
       be on rider convenience, then the “behind the scenes” policies are
       a secondary issue.
       For (2), allow me to propose something radical. Make GO travel a
       flat fare at the same level as local trips. Make up the revenue by
       charging for parking. If you charge for parking proportionally by
       distance, you mimic the fare zones while rewarding riders that
       travel to/from the station by bus and while allowing GO to serve a
       variety of roles, and eliminating the discrepancy between GO’s
       existing fare structure and Tory’s promise that SmartTrack will
       have the same fares as TTC. An example: Newmarket to Union is
       currently $17.60 round trip using PRESTO, with free parking. You
       could change that to $3 each way, plus $11.60 for parking.
       [105]LikeLiked by [106]3 people
    5. DiCK | [107]February 7, 2016 at 2:24 am
       Interesting the Metrolinx principles don’t consider the quality
       (comfort?) of the service provided in addition to speed of service
       (rapid or not). Should there be a fare premium or discount whether
       or not a seat is available? A deeper discount when riding as
       sardine-in-a-can?
       Should the fare structure require the transit provider to pay a
       penalty to the passenger when a vehicle is short turned, a subway
       is delayed, a connection is missed or route management is
       indifferent?
       Hmm . . .
       Steve: Once upon a time, GO had a passenger service target that
       involved most riders getting a seat most of the time. They never
       achieved this and didn’t even come close. The metric has
       disappeared from their goals with the result that, finally, they
       get a nice row of check marks all the way down the column.
       Why show your ongoing failure when you can just ignore it?
       [108]LikeLike
    6. [109]Brian J. Bentley | [110]February 7, 2016 at 7:53 am
       It would seem to me that if Metrolinx wants to consider that the
       subway system should have a fare system similar to the GO system
       but the TTC surface system would operate at a lower fare system,
       many people would want to stay on the surface system and in order
       to give those people the opportunity to do so would require
       re-establishing surface routes on Yonge and Bloor. The could be so
       many people desiring to do this that the TTC would have to put
       streetcars back on these routes!
       I live near Royal York and Dundas and am able to see the large
       number of people from Mississauga who transfer to and from
       Mississauga Transit to the subway at Islington presumably because
       this a cheaper trip than riding GO. I suggest that a very great
       number of residences of Toronto would do likewise.
       [111]LikeLike
    7. [112]OgtheDim (@OgtheDim) | [113]February 7, 2016 at 8:51 am
       Like all Metrolinx discussions, this can be subject to political
       pressure from Queen’s Park.
       There are two variables in that.
       1. Inner suburb MPP’s have shown they can be subject to and then
       apply pressure on transit issues – see the Scarborough MPP’s who
       banded together to shape the transit discussions for the last few
       years to the point where the City had to go to Brad Duguid first to
       create a plan.
       I can imagine what the swath of Liberal MPP’s from Etobicoke, North
       York and Scarborough would think when told that there constituents
       are going to have to pay extra to ride the subway, and that this is
       a provincial decision that they will own.
       2. There is little to no transit talk from the opposition. In
       particular, the NDP, who you would think would have the most to
       gain by stirring up trouble in Toronto for the Libs, seem focused,
       once again, on the esoteric morass of the electricity file. Where
       is the provincial discussion on this? Does Andrea Horwath even KNOW
       there is a transit discussion going on here? Would at least 1 of
       the parties actually get out there with a “This is wrong.” message?
       I don’t know if they care, to be honest.
       **************
       IF word of this were to get out via the media, I can tell you what
       most people in the inner suburbs would say, “This is Bullshit.” As
       you indicated Steve, most of us live in these inner suburbs because
       we can’t afford to live anywhere else in this city – can’t afford a
       home in the 905 or a condo downtown and priced out of the rental
       market in the core. In the Premier’s own riding, this is going to
       create social upheaval. Like, are they that thick?!
       As an employer, I’m even more worried. First of all, my pool of
       potential employees is going to shrink significantly. Secondly, the
       average commute for people coming to our work in the inner suburbs
       is over an hour via transit. If people have to take buses to go
       north south or east west depending upon where they come from, those
       employees are going to be more tired and thus less productive then
       they currently are.
       Lost productivity and less stable employees.
       Thanks Metrolinx.
       Thanks Liberal Government.
       Steve: An additional irony here is the number of people who think
       Metrolinx would do so much better a job of providing transit than
       the TTC. This is a taste of just what provincial “expertise” brings
       to the transit file.
       [114]LikeLiked by [115]2 people
    8. Andrew | [116]February 7, 2016 at 12:23 pm
       I think that zone fares won’t work very well on surface LRT. In
       order to have zone fares, passengers have to tap their Presto card
       twice, but at a busy surface LRT stop there would be large crowds
       of people tapping off, and the platform is narrow. Would the Presto
       machines be on the platform or on the light rail vehicle? If they
       are are on the platform, there would need to be a large number of
       machines on the platform at a busy surface stop. It is easier to
       implement on the subway or the underground portion of the Eglinton
       LRT where there are turnstiles.
       On the other hand, it would be undesirable to apply zone fares to
       the subway but not to LRT. This would result in the LRT being
       cheaper than the subway (e.g. a trip to Kennedy would be cheaper on
       the Eglinton LRT than the subway) which would mean increased
       overcrowding on the LRT.
       Also I presume that “streetcars” and LRT are considered to be
       different by Metrolinx and zone fares will not apply on
       “streetcars”?
       Steve: Yes, “streetcars” are “local” transit, but try explaining to
       someone why an “LRT” running on a reserved lane is not a
       “streetcar”.
       [117]LikeLike
    9. [118]Suhail Barot | [119]February 7, 2016 at 1:17 pm
       Thank you for your analysis. I’m a frequent reader but this is my
       first time commenting. What I’m taking away from this is:
       (a) Metrolinx’s primary objective is to lower the cost to GO train
       users who want to transfer to the TTC to complete their trips. For
       consistency, this also requires them them to arrange for a lowering
       of the cost of transferring between other municipalities and the
       TTC.
       (b) In accomplishing the above, Metrolinx wants to protect its
       revenue. They initially hoped that they could find a way to do this
       where the net revenue transfer between GO and TTC would be close to
       zero. But the number of people outside Toronto who would take
       advantage of the above reduced costs is much much larger than those
       in Toronto. So they would have to provide money to the TTC in
       compensation for serving all these new riders.
       (c) To make this work out, they need GTA wide fare structures
       rejigged such that “regional transit” is considered the highest
       value component of a trip with multiple transit modes (so they
       collect most of the money). Thus they would end up with most of the
       revenue with any trip involving both TTC and GO. This would prevent
       them from having to actually pay anything to the TTC to serve
       additional riders coming in from the ‘905’.
       (d) The fare structures being discussed are an attempt to justify
       such a re-alignment, as well as drive up TTC fares to get the
       additional revenues to serve 905 customers without any significant
       contribution from Metrolinx.
       (e) In such a re-alignment, the winners are 905 who get to use TTC
       for little extra money, TTC customers adding GO to their trip
       (those currently using both modes would see a fare reduction).
       Losers would be Torontonians making long trips inside the city
       using the subways and future LRTs. This also sets the stage for
       obtaining increased revenue from Smart Track customers. And as
       Metrolinx “owns” the LRTs, it may be able to squeeze out some
       revenue from them, despite their being operated by the TTC and part
       of the TTC network.
       (f) In general, the idea of lowering costs for GO transit users
       coming into Toronto is a good one – it increases transit usage by a
       population whose carbon emissions from driving would be the highest
       in the GTA. And all of these folks are not wealthy by any means and
       are paying higher costs for transit use than Torontonians. But it
       should not be done on the back of TTC users.
       Steve: That’s a fair summary of the situation. It’s a revenue grab
       by Metrolinx from Toronto riders who make up the bulk of GTHA
       travel.
       [120]LikeLiked by [121]1 person
   10. Jamie | [122]February 7, 2016 at 1:44 pm
       In Japan all fares are distance based … from local buses (charge
       increase by stop) all the way to Shinkansen bullet trains. They’ve
       had this for decades and seems to work well for them. Don’t see why
       something similar wouldn’t work here too, especially with mobile
       apps making it easier than ever to plan your route ahead of time.
       Steve: If this were the long-standing tradition of fares in
       Toronto, I would agree with you, but it is not. There was a big
       fight in the early seventies to get rid of zones so that suburban
       riders would travel for the same fare as “downtowners”. When I
       consider the vitriol that has been poured on anyone who isn’t a
       born-again believer in the Scarborough Subway, I cannot imagine the
       result if we told people “yes, you can get your subway, but it will
       cost you more to ride it than the folks downtown”. That is
       political suicide.
       A related issue is that as a matter of municipal policy, we are
       trying to use transit to improve access to jobs, education and
       other major parts of urban life without requiring that people spend
       a fortune to do this. Changing existing flat fares to some form of
       fare-by-distance works directly contrary to this principle.
       [123]LikeLike
   11. [124]Kevin Richardson | [125]February 7, 2016 at 1:49 pm
       1: I wish the examples used in the .pdf presentation were real. I
       wish we had actual trips under the current system and under the
       proposed changes. Something like…
       Ashley commutes from her home at Burnamthorpe and Hurontario to her
       office at King and University. Her current trip is A and takes her
       B amount of time and cost C dollars. Her alternate option is X and
       takes her Y amount of time and costs Z dollars.
       Under fare integration proposal 1, A trip would cost ___ and X trip
       would cost ___. Under proposal 2, A trip would cost ___ and X trip
       would cost ___.
       That way we could understand exactly what is being proposed.
       Instead we get “local” and “regional” and scenario so vague and
       reassuring that, without careful examination, they sound
       reasonable.
       2: The slide on page 20 seems to show that Metrolinx has decided to
       stick with its plan to price trips on rail higher than trips on
       buses the only difference seems to be that they are now refusing to
       say this out loud and are now substituting the word “local” for the
       word “bus” and the word “regional” for “train.”
       3: On page 21, the section on value stood out and “Minimizes fare
       underpayment” was the kicker. I wonder why getting transit user to
       pay as close to the full cost of the service they use is a
       fundamental principle of transit when it’s not a guiding principle
       for road users, healthcare users, library users, students in
       elementary or high schools. Why is user pay so more important than
       getting users on the system? Isn’t the goal to get people out of
       cars? I know cost recovery is important but I’ve never seen it
       pursued so zealously in a government service, with the possible
       exception of University tuitions, and even then, I don’t believe
       students pay +70% of the cost of their schooling.
       Steve: This is a basic problem with Metrolinx. Their doublespeak
       masks both their real intent and it completely avoids the issue of
       transit as a social good, not as a balance sheet where revenue
       should be maximized.
       [126]LikeLiked by [127]1 person
   12. [128]Richard White | [129]February 7, 2016 at 1:56 pm
       I doubt that any of the MPPs elected by the citzens of Toronto
       would risk their futures on a separate fare for the subway system
       in Toronto. It would be political suicide.
       What I earlier proposed a separate zone for the 905 and a separate
       zone for the 416. I am not talking individual zones for each region
       but one for the entire 905. This would streamline transit and make
       life easier.
       I take Miway to work everyday from Islington and it is preferable
       over GO transit simply because of the high fare. I cannot justify
       paying $6.00 each way when I can ride Miway for $2.90 each way.
       I wonder if the idea of separate fares for the subway has anything
       to do with SmartTrack? I am curious to know if they singled out
       rapid transit for a higher fare so that when SmartTrack is up and
       running they can charge a “TTC fare” albeit a higher one equivalent
       to GO trains in Toronto.
       Steve: I want to know how they got Andy Byford to buy into
       replacing all of the TTC’s subway fare gates to permit “tap out”
       and hence distance based fares without giving one more nickel of
       provincial subsidy to pay for them, and why Byford has been so
       disingenuous about explaining why we actually need this capability.
       The TTC board has never voted, at least not publicly, to support a
       change in fare structure.
       [130]LikeLiked by [131]2 people
   13. Will L | [132]February 7, 2016 at 1:56 pm
       A key problem with the Metrolinx fare integration exercise is that
       it is, as you hint at, almost totally divorced from the design of
       the services that will be covered. (The potential Richmond Hill
       Subway / GO integration is probably the issue that could have been
       most useful as a exemplar of how an improved fare system would
       impact travel in the region.) Instead of being a fare and service
       integration study, it’s focused on the fares only. This is absurd,
       but appears to be typical among government agencies totally
       isolated from economic realities.
       While I think you’re overly pessimistic on the potential adverse
       effects of changes to the fare system, I totally understand your
       frustration with this process. That it’s also taken a decade to get
       to this, as you say, sophomoric report is a sign of the incredible
       lack of commitment or level of incompetence in Metrolinx on this
       issue.
       [133]LikeLiked by [134]1 person
   14. [135]Colin Olford (@TorontoColin) | [136]February 7, 2016 at 3:36
       pm
       I hope City Council slaps this inane notion of premium fares for
       rapid transit right down. I’m sure I’m biased, as someone who lives
       on Bloor and takes the subway almost exclusively, but the idea of
       paying a premium for subway travel seems ridiculous to me. Firstly,
       as I understand it, subways in the denser part of the city are the
       cheapest (per rider) to operate. Secondly, as I travel mostly
       against peak demand, or at least on the lower demand segments of
       the subway, it seems ridiculous to pay extra for the privilege.
       This whole idea is also riddled with functional issues. Streetcars
       are local, but LRTs are rapid. So, do you charge a premium for the
       509, 510, and 512, because they run on dedicated ROWs? What about
       the 511, which runs partially on a dedicated ROW? Do we charge
       suburban commuters a premium for their LRTs essentially because
       their lines are newer and run through areas with less density?
       What do we do about night buses on Bloor and Yonge? Are we in a
       situation where it is actually cheaper to travel after the subway
       shuts down? What happens when a line is out of service, and shuttle
       buses are used in place?
       This seems like an extreme over-complication of a simple problem. A
       reasonable co-fare system would, I think, satisfy most commuters. I
       think most people can understand why they should have to pay
       separately to ride different transit systems subsidized by
       different municipalities. This plan will encourage transit for a
       small minority, while discouraging it for the vast majority.
       [137]LikeLiked by [138]1 person
   15. Erick | [139]February 7, 2016 at 4:06 pm
       I agree that this is setting up the table to increase fares within
       Toronto I believe that this is in preparation for privatization of
       services.
       Local service meaning bus service means you can do like London
       where routes and sectors are given to private contractors.
       Typically on those contracts the private operator gets a percentage
       of fares. So to make the routes appealing fares have to go up.
       Subways: either maintenance only or maintenance and operations go
       together. And while it makes no sense from a public policy, I can
       see where someone interested only in giving the private sector
       juicy contracts would make subways a separate fare (read higher) to
       appeal to private operators.
       LRT? No different and deemed more comfortable than buses so they
       too will commend higher and separate fares.
       Then it becomes clear why you have to have Presto. And important
       for Presto to have access to your credit card or bank account.
       That’s why on GO there’s no tickets or passes. So you never know
       what you are paying unless you keep track. You never feel it
       because as your Presto is on auto-reload you don’t have to do
       anything it’s painless…
       Then yearly fare increases will happen but on different dates ( for
       the different types of services : regional, rapid and local) so you
       cannot clearly see that they pick your pockets.
       Of course I do not support those aims at all. I oppose it, but I
       can see where this falls all in place.
       Steve: And whatever the motivation or eventual goal, it is a plan
       by stealth that has no business in what is supposed to be a public,
       and largely Toronto enterprise.
       [140]LikeLike
   16. Justin Bernard | [141]February 7, 2016 at 4:32 pm
       If I used Metrolinx’s crazy logic, I guess I should pay less to use
       GO transit, because my GO bus to work is really slow in the
       mornings? It takes nearly an hour from Yorkdale to Square One some
       days.
       [142]LikeLiked by [143]2 people
   17. buschic | [144]February 7, 2016 at 5:30 pm
       A huge amount of implications could result from any of the above
       theories.
       1. Accessibility of transit without using all 3 nodes of transit,
       especially within old city of Toronto, could be absolutely
       disastrous for those with physical disabilities.
       There are vast parts of Toronto that have no bus routes covering
       either streetcar or subway services. 75% of people with
       disabilities live on fixed incomes, usually ODSP, who no longer
       have allowances for transit passes. 90% of those with multiple
       disabilities, cannot work, also with sheltered workshop closures in
       the imminent future, this would leave them even more destitute.
       2. 95% of soup kitchens and homelessness services are located in an
       area east of Dundas West station & west of Broadview, south of
       Davisville. With the continued push out to the suburbs of homeless
       shelters with no accompanied movement of accessible soup
       kitchens/meal programs, it’s even more important than ever to have
       accessible & even more importantly, affordable, public transit.
       3. Go Transit (Metrolinx) are not used to or even willing to
       service the poorest of people who live in cities.
       4. I on a regular basis (daily) travel from Markham/Lawrence to
       City Hall & surrounding area, for various reasons, including most
       importantly the ability to get a hot meal. It’s an average of
       90/120 mins each way, with a lot of it trying to just get out of
       Scarborough (West of Vic Park).
       5. NONE of the Metrolinx board lives in poverty, none of them are
       physically disabled, nor do they really listen to the so called
       accessibility advisory committee (same with TTC). People with
       disabilities are an afterthought to most of society.
       [145]LikeLiked by [146]2 people
   18. Michael Greason | [147]February 7, 2016 at 11:24 pm
       I remember only too well when the “Zone System” was eliminated. I
       lived in Northern Etobicoke and took the Islington 37 to the subway
       whereupon I “sometimes” paid another fair. Students did not have to
       pay for Zone 2, but only if the transfer to or from Zone 2 was
       before 4:30 and only on a weekday. On Saturdays – adult tickets for
       me – though the Zone Fare was mitigated because I bought combo
       tickets – Zone 1 on one side and Zone 2 on the other – at a
       discount. Boy, were we pleased when the Zone System was eliminated.
       I think what contributed to the feeling of unfairness at that times
       that the Zones were arbitrarily divided between the old City of
       Toronto and what is now called the inner suburbs. It wasn’t fare by
       distance – it was paying for the privilege of crossing City Limits.
       I have no recollection or knowledge about who paid for the
       Metropolitan Toronto portion of the TTC at that time or the
       distribution between tax support from the old City and Etobicoke,
       Scarborough, North York, York and East York.
       What I do remember is that at that time the TTC had the highest per
       capita ridership of any transit system in North America and was the
       third largest behind MTA and CTA. We were pretty proud of that.
       It seems, that over the years, the underfunded TTC has still
       remained a pretty good transit system. In fact, in its cash starved
       existence it has been able to enhance service the inner suburbs,
       though not, I think, commensurate with the growth in those areas. I
       recently took the 37B to the Woodbine Racetrack and was favourably
       impressed by the service level. It easily eclipsed my memories of
       service in the 70’s.
       Where we went wrong was a regional problem coupled with a changing
       suburban demographic. Instead of building on the TTC’s relative
       success in our inner suburbs, when we built the outer suburbs we
       did not include transit at all. This may have been due to the fact
       that while our inner suburbs were populated by no car or one car
       families, the outer suburbs had one car for every person. Also, as
       you have pointed out the crescents, cut de sacs and obscure low
       density travel patterns did not help.
       Now Metrolinx is trying to overlay a pricing model that might be
       appropriate in an older city such as London or Paris. However, our
       “Zone 6” is not the same and transit usage is really low.
       When I envisage Fare by Distance (FBD) I like to think of a trip
       from Scarborough costing the same as today and a 2 km. trip on the
       King Car costing less. Mike Harris seemed to believe that when he
       amalgamated Toronto (against our wishes) that the employees would
       end up accepting the lowest level of wages from the former
       municipalities across the board. One of those beliefs has been
       shown to be naive and ill-informed. Probably both of them are.
       [148]LikeLiked by [149]1 person
   19. [150]Mapleson | [151]February 8, 2016 at 9:09 am
       Looking at the “Principle: Generalized Cost” slide, it’s clearly
       not based on actual numbers.
       The Regional line should be very choppy. If your source and
       destination are close to the stations, it’s better travel time. If
       not, you actually have a longer trip due to the need to double back
       a few kilometres.
       Looking at the “Principle: Large/Small Zones” slide, could they be
       more general? “Both large and small zones are widely used
       throughout the world”?!? All the possible types of fares are widely
       used throughout the world (except possibly ‘free local fares’).
       Looking at the “Fare by Distance Approaches” slide, you realise
       what the desired Fare Integration is: geographic zones. Is there
       any reason that a region-wide flat fare can’t have rapid transit?

     Steve said:
     The Metrolinx Board should reject this proposal and demand that it
     be reworked to better explain its implications beyond the level of
     “principles”, and state clearly how it will actually affect riders
     with dollars and cents examples. Anything less is an abdication of
     the Board’s responsibility.
       I can definitely say that ‘third-party consultants’ aren’t given a
       free hand or a blank slate to work with. There is always policy
       direction that leads the reports (and the analysis is developed in
       such a way as to promote the preferred choice). When that policy
       direction isn’t clear, the analysis needs to be equally muddy to
       allow Metrolinx to make-up their minds later down the road.
       [152]LikeLiked by [153]1 person
   20. [154]Mapleson | [155]February 8, 2016 at 10:40 am
       @Kevin Richardson,
       Specific examples do give a clearer picture, but the selection of
       specific examples allows for the glass to be tinted rosy. For
       example, if I wanted to make “local” distance-based transit look
       good, I give a short 1-2 stop example. If I want to make “regional”
       zonal-based transit look good, I give a long example that’s need
       the outer edges of each zone. Also, the largest lack is what
       proportion of riders would use each type. Does everyone just pay
       more, or do some riders subsidize others more? What is the actual
       intent? Making “inter-zonal” travel easier or increasing overall
       transit ridership?
       [156]LikeLike
   21. Mark Earley | [157]February 8, 2016 at 10:45 am
       Can’t help thinking in terms of TfL, and that the intent here is a
       TfT. Keep in mind that TfL includes all transport including roads.
       TTC might break down eventually into a tendered subway, streetcar
       and several bus ‘franchises’ (groups of routes), combining MiWay
       and YRT etc,
       To integrate GO requires the separation of parking so users pay a
       zone (distance) based fare, plus parking if they wish. Making
       parking charges visible may well reduce parking demand, and
       encourage feeder bus development. Furthernore, separating parking
       would bring GO fares closer to current TTC.
       The idea of paying less for a slower service encourages riders onto
       a vehicle that, because of its slow speed, costs (vehicle, fuel and
       driver cost) more. Fast and slow should be same fare, incentivizing
       the rider to take the faster (and cheaper to the operator) option.
       That is why TTC’s express bus, at same fare, is an excellent but
       obvious service.
       As for GO service, I am reminded of a morning commute from St.
       Albans to London, a 20 minute non stop journey at mostly 100mph,
       crammed beyond anything on TTC, whereas GO aims to seat most
       riders. This is a luxury, and represents a significant hidden extra
       capacity which should be used, or we need higher standards on (TTC)
       buses and subways. Compare the night and day difference between GO
       and TTC buses!
       Zones should reflect distance, with Toronto zone 1 say Eglinton,
       Dufferin and Don, with zone 2 stretching to Sheppard. Zones need
       not reflect municipal boundaries. All services, including GO should
       charge the same zonal fares.
       Presto should charge the lowest possible fare based on the users’
       actual route,
       Fare increases should be a Metrolinx task for entire GTHA, yearly.
       Increasing fares for crossing zones (that are currently free)
       should be spread over several years.
       [158]LikeLiked by [159]1 person
   22. [160]James Schofield (@skofz) | [161]February 8, 2016 at 10:57 am
       This presentation is so full of vague generalizations and
       contradictory statements that it’s hard to get a true sense of
       which way the wind is blowing. Faster service should demand higher
       fares — except “fares for different service types should be
       comparable when the services serve the same market.” And “travel
       Time based fares are variable and unpredictable and are not being
       investigated further” — except for the possibility of a region-wide
       “local” fare, which would presumably be implemented as some sort of
       a time-based transfer.
       If I may speculate: They’ll ultimately propose something as
       depicted in Concept 3. For a base fare of about $3, you’ll be able
       to go as far as you want on any local bus or streetcar (including
       TTC/YRT/MiWay connections). For the same base fare, you’ll also be
       able to go about 10 km on subway/RT/crosstown. A second fare tier
       of about $5 becomes the minimum fare for GO
       train/bus/RER/smarttrack, and gets you up to 20 km on any
       combination of services. Trips >20 km are tiered by zone or
       distance.
       I don’t believe GO will ever allow a $3 flat fare for travel on any
       of their trains within the 416, including SmartTrack. For
       SmartTrack to cost the same as the subway, subway fares will need
       to rise, at least for longer distance trips.
       Of course, this will not please those who take the position that
       there should continue to be a flat fare within the city of Toronto.
       Someone commuting from Malvern to the core pays more. Someone
       commuting from Mississauga to Etobicoke likely pays less. I
       empathize with many of the arguments in favour of a flat Toronto
       wide fare. However, I will also note that poverty does not stop at
       the 416/905 boundary, and that a fare concept like this would
       remedy some of the injustices around that line on the map.
       Steve: If Queen’s Park showed any sign of contributing money to
       transit operations, one might argue that the 416/905 boundary is
       meaningless as far as fares (and service) go. However, the TTC
       operating subsidy is paid almost entirely by the City of Toronto
       taxpayers. We don’t even want to help our own poor.
       [162]LikeLiked by [163]1 person
   23. David Weil | [164]February 8, 2016 at 11:15 am
       Given that this is exactly as bad as I predicted, I am finding it a
       challenge to come up with an adequately cynical response…
       But I think ultimately our excellent mayor will come out in support
       of this, as nothing else will make it possible for “SmartTrack” to
       operate at “TTC” fares.
       Steve: I think that is a major piece, unstated, of what is
       happening here. Finding a model that integrates SmartTrack with
       more revenue than just making it another TTC route. Tory will have
       a lot of explaining to do when folks in Scarborough discover that
       their ride downtown won’t be as cheap as they expected.
       [165]LikeLiked by [166]1 person
   24. Kevin Plautz | [167]February 8, 2016 at 11:34 am
       This idea of charging more for taking the subway or a rapid LRT
       line is a poor one, for all the reasons other people have stated. I
       guess one reason why Metrolinx might propose it is that it might
       divert people from taking subways and, therefore, reduce the need
       to build new subways, such as the relief line. But, forcing people
       to take longer to travel anywhere by persuading them to take buses
       instead is a losing proposition in the long-run as, as other people
       have stated, it will not create a more productive work force or
       bring better employees, jobs and businesses to Toronto.
       Hands-down it is unfair that people who simply cross a municipal
       border have to pay more for a transit fare. The solution is to have
       medium-sized zones and to allow people to travel anywhere within 2
       zones for a regular fare but an additional half a fare for a third
       zone, and perhaps an additional 3/4 fare for 4 zones, and so on
       upwards. An extra dollar above the fare based on zones travelled
       should be charged for GO trains as they are obviously a premium
       service.
       The following zones would make sense:
       Central Toronto – south of Lawrence, east of Humber and generally
       west of Victoria Park or Don Valley Parkway
       Etobicoke
       Scarbrough
       North York – remainder of Toronto north of Lawrence, west of Vic
       Park and east of Humber
       Eastern Mississauga
       Western Mississauga
       Oakville
       Brampton
       Woodbridge
       Thornhill/Richmond Hill
       Markham
       Pickering Ajax
       Whitby
       Oshawa
       Aurora
       Newmarket
       In this way, a person in Western Mississauga could travel to
       Etobicoke for just one fare, but would pay the extra 1/2 fare for a
       trip to the Central Toronto zone (downtown).
       A person in Richmond Hill could travel to North York could for a
       regular fare but an extra 1/2 fare would be needed to go the
       Central Toronto.
       The only fare within the present Toronto that would require the
       extra half fare would be to go from Etobicoke to Scarborough, or
       vice-versa. That seems fine to me as that is a long trip.
       Your Presto Card would automatically charge you for the regular
       fare trips within the home zone where you buy the Card (an address
       would be registered) and any adjacent zone. If you travel to a
       third zone that would be an additional charge on your “monthly”
       Presto card purchase, unless you bought a three-zone monthly card
       at the start of the month.
       I think this plan would make a lot of sense.
       [168]LikeLiked by [169]1 person
   25. [170]Malcolm N | [171]February 8, 2016 at 5:53 pm
       Bottom line, I really believe that the issue with charging more of
       longer trips, is that you are at the margin encouraging more car
       use, and increasing the disadvantage of those who are stretched to
       meet this cost. While I appreciate the concept of marginal costs
       associated with longer trips, on the subway it only really applies
       if the trip involves an area where the system is capacity
       constrained. So would it not make more sense to charge for trips
       that required a transit through say Yonge/Bloor? During the morning
       rush the marginal costs of extra riders from Keele to Kipling is
       trivial, as is the cost from say Eglinton to FInch. However from
       Rosedale to Wellesley at say 8:10, well that is a different story,
       the cost of one more rider, is very high, even though it is a very
       short trip, you must displace or delay another rider to make that
       trip (whereas the same trip the other way well is nearly free for
       the system). The distance is not the real issue.
       I would say, if you are using multiple systems, then yes, there
       needs to be care taken, so that tax payers from one municipality
       are not carrying the freight for another, however, this is also
       what Provincial transfers are about. Creating a complex fare system
       within Toronto, will likely increase costs, and have many
       unforeseen effects, many of which will not be positive.
       [172]LikeLike
   26. [173]tmainframedino (@tmainframedino) | [174]February 8, 2016 at
       6:29 pm
       Transit fares should be set up like no fault insurance, where your
       vehicle’s insurance company pays for the damage to your vehicle no
       matter who was at fault. Translated to transit, that means that the
       municipality where the fare originates should collect the proceeds
       of all local fares (Subway, LRT, buses, SmartTrack) through all
       jurisdictions.
       For example, if a “local” trip begins in York Region and ends in up
       Toronto, then York Region will the initial fare. On the return
       trip, the reverse will be true where Toronto will collect the
       initial fare. This will eliminate the need to double charge a
       commuter for travelling across municipal boundaries.
       For trips on GO buses and GO trains, the existing fares will
       remain. Therefore, when a trip is a blend of GO and local service,
       the the revenue will be split between the province (GO) and the
       “first” municipality where the local service was boarded.
       It is futile to try to collect the revenues for “each trip” to a
       every municipality. Since most people use transit for round trips,
       the municipalities will be fairly compensated at the end of each
       day since the fare box credits and debits will offset each other.
       This approach will work for most situations. We shouldn’t worry
       about the exceptions where a commuter travels via local service
       between 3 municipalities. The second municipality will not get
       their cut of the proceeds, but that should be very rare.
       Finally, a modest price adjustment may be needed to make up for
       loss in overall revenues since commuters will no longer be double
       charged. This can be achieved by paying a “premium” for trips that
       occur in whole, or in part, during rush hour periods (7 am to 9 am,
       4 pm to 6 pm)
       [175]LikeLike
   27. hamish wilson | [176]February 8, 2016 at 8:12 pm
       We really need to somehow boost transit; and I’m thinking this
       might be far more of a shift and shaft move than actually setting
       the stages for increased use. Going beyond merely the fares to
       overall mobility costs should occur – specifically how well cars
       are subsidized and otherwise avoid their full costs. An older
       Vancouver study reference Jan. 10, 1996 Globe found these car
       costs/subsidies were a full SEVEN times higher than what was given
       to transit, which is often a fairly easily found target/line item.
       So if we actually had more user pay for the vehicles, including say
       a 4 cent a litre health care tax, and maybe a drainage tax for the
       asphalt, maybe we’d have less worry about what fares were devolving
       to. Except of course, the less-dense areas of the GTA are not only
       subsidized, but they tend to outvote the denser areas so at least
       the Liberals will be tilted to the votorists, and we see the same
       issues within Toronto with the older suburbs keeping the denser
       core in a prone and paying position, along with ‘caronic’ denial of
       subsidies to cars.
       [177]LikeLike
   28. Julian | [178]February 8, 2016 at 10:17 pm
       This fundamental assumption that service costs are directly
       proportional to distance are just plain wrong. An additional rider
       on the king streetcar in peak hours between Spadina and Yonge has a
       far greater marginal cost than an additional subway rider on the
       Sheppard line. It essentially costs “nothing” to allow one extra
       person on an empty bus. Why is there such insistence on distance
       based fares rather than congestion pricing if we are aiming or
       “fairness”?
       Secondly how can you blur the municipal boundaries when the funding
       sources of the different agencies come mostly from the local
       residents? Toronto property tax funds the TTC so why should a non
       Toronto resident pay the same fare as a Toronto resident who
       additionally pays for the TTC through taxes? Especially if that
       extra passenger pushes the service to capacity. I’m not against
       fare integration but there cannot be a disparity between funding
       sources of the different agencies unless the separate
       municipalities can somehow accurately balance out the service and
       availability costs.
       Thirdly without an equivalent change in road pricing a change in
       fare structure will be a disincentive to take transit. It’s still
       unclear what problems Metrolinx are trying to solve with these
       changes. It’s skipping the first steps of any fundamental decision
       making process: root cause analysis, defining the problem, defining
       metrics to measure the problem, generate alternatives and evaluate
       their effectiveness bases on those metrics. Metrolinx seems to be
       blindly chasing a solution without any exploration of the actual
       “problem”.
       [179]LikeLiked by [180]1 person
   29. Zach H. | [181]February 8, 2016 at 10:30 pm
       I think a simple zoned system with relatively large zones could
       work well to address the actual problems (penalizing short
       cross-border trips). However, the base fare would buy you travel
       across two zones. Toronto would be set up with the greater core
       area as one zone, and then a series of zones radiating around it.
       Maybe 3 big ones, or perhaps 4. But there would be one full zone
       between the 416/905 border and the greater core area.
       Commuters from 416 would still get downtown with one fare, with the
       added benefit that they could now also get to the first zone in
       their neighbouring 905 municipality for one fare as well,
       effectively opening up the job market a little bit more.
       Core-bound trips originating in the 905 would have to touch at
       least 3 zones, so would still have to pay a premium for a longer
       trip.
       Does this make sense? I think I’ve seen it in practice, but I’m not
       much of a fare policy expert.
       [182]LikeLike
   30. Giancarlo | [183]February 9, 2016 at 7:17 am

     Steve writes
     … as a matter of municipal policy, we are trying to use transit to
     improve access to jobs, education and other major parts of urban
     life without requiring that people spend a fortune to do this.
       Not to mention to do something about crippling gridlock. Have any
       of these provincial experts realized that convoluted high prices
       are not going to attract people to transit? I was originally mildly
       in favor of fare by mode if the implementation was as simple as
       other cities (Boston, Philly etc) but this is fare by mode _and_
       distance. Stupid. It’s worth noting that in the cities the price
       difference is not extreme for rapid/local service and since all
       rapid service is flat fare it’s easy to know what your fare is and
       inner burb riders are not gouged. I thought fare by mode could be a
       lesser evil, since it would levy the price increase on short and
       long haul riders. Clearly Metrolinx has certain prices in mind for
       certain trips and has made up some after-the-fact nice sounding
       descriptions of how their mystics came to these prices.
       It would be one thing if all the new money was going to new
       vehicles new lines and better service (sooner than 2025), but it’s
       paying more for the same. The price hike will occur years before
       the improved service, if it ever occurs at all. This will
       definitely keep people in their cars.
       [184]LikeLike
   31. Kevin Reidy | [185]February 9, 2016 at 10:55 am
       It looks like the people at Metrolinx don’t know the history of
       local transit in and around Toronto. For over 100 years there have
       been zones of one sort or another. Within the zone you could travel
       on a single fare regardless of distance. What has changed is where
       the boundaries are. Have they never seen the pictures with the vast
       number of streetcars on Yonge Street before the subway was built?
       That indicates that the Yonge subway was built in part to solve
       problems with local transit.(The northernmost stop was at Eglinton,
       not Glen Echo, the city’s northern boundary.)
       [186]LikeLike
   32. [187]Mapleson | [188]February 9, 2016 at 10:58 am
       So I’ve read the Board presentation in detail and a few more things
       became clear.
       There are three ‘fare structure concepts’ that will be carried
       forward:
         1. Local flat-fares + distance-based non-local
         2. Zone-based long-distance/rapid fares
         3. “Hybrid”
       Refining the ‘fare structures’ by service categories, zone size and
       design, price structure, and transfer policies.
          + Time-based transfers were thrown out as ‘variable and
            unpredictable’ along with time-based fares.
          + Region-wide flat fares are thrown out as they ‘do not reflect
            value of longer trips’.
       Steve: There is a bit of sophistry in the Metrolinx argument about
       “time based” fares. They say that time-based transfers could be
       implemented (as they already are in much of the 905), but somehow
       this is different from a time based fare which they seem to be
       interpreting as a metered trip value based on elapsed time. This
       deliberate misrepresentation means that an important component of a
       “flat” fare structure is not part of their discussion.
       Some of their basic “principles” are contradictory:
          + “For customer convenience and efficient use of the available
            network, fares for different service types should be
            comparable when the services serve the same market.”
          + But “Where there is a significant difference in travel time,
            fares should be lower for slower service types than for faster
            service types”.
          + Also, “To provide integrated use of the network, fares should
            not penalise trips that require the use of multiple service
            types”.
       Steve: This piece of double-speak (or is it triple-speak?) is a
       good example of the woolly thinking at Metrolinx. Each statement by
       itself is reasonable, but in combination they don’t work and serve
       only to provide a reference point for just about any fare scheme
       they might come up with.
       Smart Track is grouped with RER as “Regional Transit”, so it’s
       assumed at GO fares, not TTC ‘local’.
       Note: GO “long distance” fares aren’t being changed.
       Base Case: GO ‘flat’ fare for short and medium and increases for
       long distance; TTC et al. flat plus a high inter-system transfer*
       (TTC and everyone else).
          + Option 1: Lower GO ‘flat’ fare for short trips, increasing,
            but cheaper price by distance for medium fares; Lower
            inter-system transfer cost; higher base fare for all local
            trips.
          + Option 2: Lower short for local; GO fares at local levels for
            short and medium trips; long distance lower than current
            TTC+inter-system. Note: this option is operationally
            impossible unless all the price reductions are underwritten
            with new subsidy as no prices are higher than current.
          + Option 3: Compared to Option 1 the definition of GO ‘short’
            fares is expanded to middle of ‘medium’, but the increase in
            costs of medium distances is faster to meet normal
            long-distance fares; ‘rapid’ transit is priced at the same as
            local transit for short trips, and same rate of increase as GO
            ‘medium’ trips for anything longer.
       From the introductory text and the general arrangement of options
       provided, it’s clear that Option 3 will be the recommendation.
       Using their Chart from slide 6, a ‘short’ trip would be under 6km;
       and a medium trip would be 6-16km.
       This ‘hybrid’ system seems like it will create new barriers, namely
       at price inflection point distances. Smart Track would be at “GO
       prices”, which would match “TTC Rapid prices” for distances around
       10km to 16km (equal to a double TTC fare at 10km, and “TTC prices”
       increasing from double to the 16km point).
       For comparison, to the East:
          + From Union on the TTC, 6km is between Chester & Pape (on
            Bloor-Danforth); 10km is Main; 16km is Kennedy Rd (not the
            actual station at 16.2km).
          + From Union on GO Stouffville, 6km is between Greenwood (5.6km)
            and Coxwell (6.4km); 10km is between Victoria Park (9.4km) and
            Warden (10.6km); and 16km is Kennedy.
          + From Union on GO Lakeshore East, 6km is between Greenwood
            (5.6km) and Coxwell (6.4km); 10km is between Victoria Park
            (9.4km) and Warden (10.6km); and 16km is east of McCowan
            (16.2km).
       To the North-East:
          + From Union on the TTC, 6km is short of Davisville Station;
            10km is between Lawrence and Wilson; 16km is to Finch (15.5km)
            or west of Bessarion (16.2km).
       To the North-West:
          + From Union on the TTC, 6km is St. Clair; 10km is south of
            Lawrence (10.6km); 16km is east of Downsview Park Station
            (16.4km).
          + From Union on GO Barrie, 6km is between Dundas (5.4km) and
            Bloor (6.3km); 10km is south of Eglinton (10.4km); and Wilson
            (14.6km) and Sheppard (17.5km).
          + From Union on GO Kitchener, 6km is south of Bloor Station
            (6.6km); 10km is south of Eglinton (10.4km); and 16km is
            Kennedy.
       To the West:
          + From Union on the TTC, 6km is east of Dufferin (6.4km); 10km
            is west of Runnymede (9.9km); 16km is west of Kipling
            (15.3km).
          + From Union on GO Milton, 6km is south of Bloor Station
            (6.6km); 10km is east of Jane (10.2km); and 16km is west of
            Kipling (15.5km).
          + From Union on GO Kitchener, 6km is south of Bloor Station
            (6.6km); 10km is at Rogers Rd / south of Eglinton (11.0km);
            and 16km is east of Islington (16.7km).
          + From Union on GO Lakeshore West, 6km is east of Parkside
            (6.2km); 10km is east of Royal York (10.8km); and 16km is east
            of Dixie (16.4km).
       Steve: This is precisely the sort of sample calculation Metrolinx
       should have provided in their report as an example of what happens
       when specific values are plugged into their formulae. The
       implications for TTC riders are horrendous.
       Either they don’t understand what they are doing, or they are
       deliberately hiding the effects.
       [189]LikeLiked by [190]1 person
   33. Jonathan | [191]February 9, 2016 at 11:10 am
       I understand why Metrolinx should have it’s own fare policy, but I
       don’t understand why it would apply to the TTC (except for
       SmartTrack), unless Metrolinx was planning to meaningfully
       subsidize TTC service. Am I missing something? What could Metrolinx
       do to make the TTC adopt a regional fare policy?
       [192]LikeLike
   34. Mapleson | [193]February 10, 2016 at 11:07 am
       @Jonathan,
       Metrolinx has a lot of leverage with the TTC directly and
       indirectly. They hold the purse strings for many major capital
       projects. They can have the TTC subsidy from Queen’s Park adjusted.
       They can make the TTC ‘look bad’ by advertising how they are the
       only regional transit system that doesn’t play well with others.
       They can unilaterally shut down SmartTrack plans.
       [194]LikeLike
   35. jason | [195]February 10, 2016 at 8:48 pm
       Hopefully there will finally be a Co-fare with GO and TTC so I
       don’t have to pay the full TTC fare before or after using GO train.
       Steve: This is long overdue, but GO has always resisted the extra
       subsidy this would require.
       [196]LikeLike
   36. Nathanael | [197]February 25, 2016 at 5:58 pm
       Flat fare systemwide is unmanageable, as it provides too much
       subsidy for sprawl. Charging more for GO than for TTC in the same
       area is highly undesirable. There will have to be a different
       system. So far a lot of proposals seem poor.
       Zones would be a viable method. They don’t seem to have proposed a
       zone system (which is what Denver uses now and is similar to what
       London uses). It would be perhaps most obvious to go with one zone
       for each municipality (sorry, Halton to Mississaugua customers); it
       would certainly make it easier to assign the revenues and costs to
       municipalities, and make it easier to avoid Toronto
       cross-subsidizing the other municipalities.
       [198]LikeLike

Leave a Reply [199]Cancel reply

   Enter your comment here...

   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________

   Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   [200]Gravatar
   Email (required) (Address never made public)
   ____________________
   Name (required)
   ____________________
   Website
   ____________________
   WordPress.com Logo

   You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
   ( [201]Log Out / [202]Change )
   Twitter picture

   You are commenting using your Twitter account.
   ( [203]Log Out / [204]Change )
   Facebook photo

   You are commenting using your Facebook account.
   ( [205]Log Out / [206]Change )
   Google+ photo

   You are commenting using your Google+ account.
   ( [207]Log Out / [208]Change )
   [209]Cancel

   Connecting to %s

   [ ] Notify me of new comments via email.

   Post Comment

Recent Updates

   April 29, 2016: [210]Fare Integration: A TTC/Metrolinx Non-Update.
   Charts and commentary have been added at the end of this article
   regarding monthly ridership statistics published by the TTC through the
   CEO’s Report.

Search

   Search ____________________ Search
     * [211]RSS - Posts
     * [212]RSS - Comments

   CAPTION: February 2016

      S       M       T       W       T       F       S
   [213]« Jan                      [214]Mar »
           [215]1  2       [216]3  [217]4  [218]5  [219]6
   7       [220]8  [221]9  [222]10 [223]11 12      13
   [224]14 15      16      17      18      [225]19 [226]20
   [227]21 [228]22 [229]23 [230]24 [231]25 [232]26 27
   28      29

Welcome to My New Site for 2015

   The migration from my previous service provider is now complete, and
   the domain name stevemunro.ca will bring readers here.

   For more information about the migration, please read
   [233]this article.

   A note about broken links:

   This site uses a different naming convention for posts than the
   original version. Posts here are named, not numbered, and old links
   using the numbers might fail with a "404 page not found" error.

   To locate a post by its new identity, go to the [234]Archive Directory.
   [235]Blog at WordPress.com. | [236]The Misty Lake Theme.

   [237]Follow

Follow “Steve Munro”

   Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

   Join 113 other followers

   ____________________

   Sign me up
   [238]Build a website with WordPress.com

   IFRAME: [239]likes-master

   %d bloggers like this:

References

   Visible links
   1. https://stevemunro.ca/feed/
   2. https://stevemunro.ca/comments/feed/
   3. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/feed/
   4. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/ttcs-2016-customer-charter-reviewed/
   5. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/08/how-will-smarttrack-and-gorer-co-exist/
   6. https://public-api.wordpress.com/oembed/1.0/?format=json&url=https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/&for=wpcom-auto-discovery
   7. https://public-api.wordpress.com/oembed/1.0/?format=xml&url=https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/&for=wpcom-auto-discovery
   8. https://stevemunro.ca/osd.xml
   9. https://s1.wp.com/opensearch.xml
  10. https://stevemunro.ca/
  11. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#content
  12. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/a-grand-plan/
  13. https://stevemunro.ca/category/vehicles/commuter-rail-electrification/
  14. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/don-mills-lrt/
  15. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/subways/downtown-relief-line/
  16. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/eglinton-lrt/
  17. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/finch-west-lrt/
  18. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/go-transit/
  19. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/jane-lrt/
  20. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/sheppard-east-lrt/
  21. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/scarborough-malvern-lrt/
  22. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/scarborough-rt/
  23. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/smarttrack/
  24. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/union-station/
  25. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/waterfront/
  26. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/finance/
  27. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/fares-fare-collection/
  28. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-cost-and-quality/
  29. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/
  30. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/bathurst-bus/
  31. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/bathurst-car/
  32. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/bay-bus/
  33. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/carlton-car/
  34. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/dufferin-bus/
  35. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/dundas-car/
  36. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/king-car/
  37. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/kingston-road/
  38. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/lawrence-east-bus/
  39. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/queen-car/
  40. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/spadina-car/
  41. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/st-clair-car/
  42. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/service-analysis/wellesley-bus/
  43. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/accessibility/
  44. https://stevemunro.ca/category/vehicles/
  45. https://stevemunro.ca/category/vehicles/buses/
  46. https://stevemunro.ca/category/vehicles/streetcars/
  47. https://stevemunro.ca/category/vehicles/subway-cars/
  48. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/subways/
  49. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/subways/spadina-subway/
  50. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/subways/sheppard-subway/
  51. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/
  52. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/hamilton/
  53. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/hurontario-main-lrt/
  54. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/kitchener-waterloo/
  55. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/ottawa/
  56. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/vancouver/
  57. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/york-region/
  58. https://stevemunro.ca/category/urban-affairs/
  59. https://stevemunro.ca/category/urban-affairs/elections/
  60. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/fantasy/
  61. https://stevemunro.ca/category/urban-affairs/janes-walk/
  62. https://stevemunro.ca/category/urban-affairs/looking-back/
  63. https://stevemunro.ca/category/site-news/
  64. https://stevemunro.ca/category/site-news/about-me/
  65. https://stevemunro.ca/category/reviews/
  66. https://stevemunro.ca/category/site-news/email/
  67. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
  68. https://stevemunro.ca/author/stevemunrotoronto/
  69. http://www.metrolinx.com/en/docs/pdf/board_agenda/20160210/20160210_BoardMtg_Fare_Integration_EN.pdf
  70. http://www.metrolinx.com/en/docs/agendas/agendas_2016_02_10.aspx
  71. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_definingservicetypes.jpg
  72. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_continuityprinciple.jpg
  73. http://seanmarshall.ca/2015/11/19/not-so-fair-by-distance-go-transits-problematic-fare-system/
  74. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_connectednetprinciple.jpg
  75. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_generalizedcostprinciple.jpg
  76. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_gradualincrementsprinciple.jpg
  77. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_zonesprinciple.jpg
  78. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_farebydistanceapproaches.jpg
  79. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_farestructuredesign.jpg
  80. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_statusquo.jpg
  81. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_concept1.jpg
  82. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_concept2.jpg
  83. https://swanboatsteve.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/201602_concept3.jpg
  84. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?share=twitter
  85. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?share=facebook
  86. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?share=google-plus-1
  87. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/
  88. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/fares-fare-collection/
  89. https://stevemunro.ca/category/beyond-416/go-transit/
  90. https://stevemunro.ca/category/transit/
  91. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
  92. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/ttcs-2016-customer-charter-reviewed/
  93. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/08/how-will-smarttrack-and-gorer-co-exist/
  94. http://transit.toronto.on.ca/
  95. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47645
  96. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47645&_wpnonce=29a5967b64
  97. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
  98. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47647
  99. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47647&_wpnonce=ac425c4e66
 100. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 101. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47648
 102. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47648&_wpnonce=c696f6f323
 103. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 104. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47649
 105. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47649&_wpnonce=815e6cc2d9
 106. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 107. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47650
 108. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47650&_wpnonce=3aa681aeb8
 109. http://n/a
 110. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47654
 111. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47654&_wpnonce=213cb5ea0a
 112. http://twitter.com/OgtheDim
 113. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47655
 114. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47655&_wpnonce=42bd558d4f
 115. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 116. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47657
 117. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47657&_wpnonce=400a78faca
 118. https://www.facebook.com/app_scoped_user_id/10105911224445640/
 119. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47660
 120. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47660&_wpnonce=598ee8fc84
 121. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 122. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47661
 123. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47661&_wpnonce=bd995a306c
 124. http://korichardson.wordpress.com/
 125. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47662
 126. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47662&_wpnonce=9c5d33afb0
 127. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 128. http://transit.toronto.on.ca/
 129. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47663
 130. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47663&_wpnonce=08ae63e6da
 131. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 132. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47664
 133. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47664&_wpnonce=4e13cc0b2d
 134. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 135. http://twitter.com/TorontoColin
 136. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47666
 137. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47666&_wpnonce=4df0fe4220
 138. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 139. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47668
 140. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47668&_wpnonce=3b403295b6
 141. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47669
 142. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47669&_wpnonce=3815c50c04
 143. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 144. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47670
 145. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47670&_wpnonce=6e85aa8912
 146. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 147. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47672
 148. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47672&_wpnonce=c2d40be460
 149. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 150. https://groups.google.com/d/forum/sosta
 151. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47673
 152. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47673&_wpnonce=912dc5ddba
 153. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 154. https://groups.google.com/d/forum/sosta
 155. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47675
 156. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47675&_wpnonce=5c2754d4a4
 157. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47676
 158. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47676&_wpnonce=5bc221699f
 159. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 160. http://twitter.com/skofz
 161. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47677
 162. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47677&_wpnonce=12c7220d6b
 163. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 164. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47678
 165. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47678&_wpnonce=9acf7117d2
 166. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 167. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47680
 168. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47680&_wpnonce=9cd6df0fae
 169. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 170. http://malcolmn65.wordpress.com/
 171. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47682
 172. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47682&_wpnonce=1f7d181e2f
 173. http://twitter.com/tmainframedino
 174. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47684
 175. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47684&_wpnonce=ecd31ba65c
 176. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47685
 177. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47685&_wpnonce=ab89642fd8
 178. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47686
 179. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47686&_wpnonce=296ef2726c
 180. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 181. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47687
 182. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47687&_wpnonce=74d78c1239
 183. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47695
 184. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47695&_wpnonce=f027ada46a
 185. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47704
 186. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47704&_wpnonce=11957e12ec
 187. https://groups.google.com/d/forum/sosta
 188. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47705
 189. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47705&_wpnonce=4a59a48c86
 190. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 191. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47706
 192. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47706&_wpnonce=6bd68984be
 193. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47733
 194. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47733&_wpnonce=9b033e8085
 195. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-47747
 196. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=47747&_wpnonce=261e643261
 197. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-48046
 198. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/?like_comment=48046&_wpnonce=9b317043b2
 199. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#respond
 200. https://gravatar.com/site/signup/
 201. javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );
 202. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 203. javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );
 204. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 205. javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );
 206. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 207. javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );
 208. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/
 209. javascript:HighlanderComments.cancelExternalWindow();
 210. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/04/25/fare-integration-a-ttcmetrolinx-non-update/
 211. https://stevemunro.ca/feed/
 212. https://stevemunro.ca/comments/feed/
 213. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/01/
 214. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/03/
 215. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/01/
 216. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/03/
 217. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/04/
 218. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/05/
 219. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/
 220. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/08/
 221. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/09/
 222. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/10/
 223. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/11/
 224. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/14/
 225. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/19/
 226. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/20/
 227. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/21/
 228. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/22/
 229. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/23/
 230. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/24/
 231. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/25/
 232. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/26/
 233. https://swanboatsteve.wordpress.com/2014/12/29/welcome-for-2015/
 234. https://swanboatsteve.wordpress.com/archive-directory/
 235. https://wordpress.com/?ref=footer_blog
 236. https://wordpress.com/themes/misty-lake/
 237. javascript:void(0)
 238. https://wordpress.com/?ref=lof
 239. https://widgets.wp.com/likes/master.html?ver=20160429#ver=20160429

   Hidden links:
 241. https://stevemunro.ca/
 242. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-form-guest
 243. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-form-load-service:WordPress.com
 244. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-form-load-service:Twitter
 245. https://stevemunro.ca/2016/02/06/metrolinx-fare-integration-get-ready-to-pay-more-for-subway-trips/#comment-form-load-service:Facebook
