1

It became very tough for me to find a blog like that, Finally I have found this page ``http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/?service=rss'' with minimum of 100 rss feeds.
There were more than 100 rss feeds, but I picked only 100 from them and saved it in an xml file. Sample xml file can be seen in fig\ref{Sample1}.
Once I got these feeds I have read all of those titles and description of each feed and then I categorized them into the following categories.
Accident- Anything that is attacked,killed,injured,any loss happened,any illness or any one arrested. All these situations are categorized into accident category.
law- Any anouncement from supreme or high courts,any legal statements are categorized into law category.
politics-  Any minister,government and its anouncements and activities are categorized into politics category.
elections- Any votings,campaigns,candidates,polls are categorized into elections category.
entertainment- Any anouncement regarding films,any happy moments,movies,songs,celebrations are categorized into entertainment category.
others- All those which do not come in above categories are categorized into others category.
transportation- Any information regarding buses,trains,travel details,traffic are categorized into transportation category.




2
In order to classify the feeds into the respective categories I need to train the data first.
So what I did first is to divide the data into two parts. First 50 feeds are for training the code and the next 50 are for getting automatic classifications based on training.
This is done with the help of docclass and feedfilter codes which are taken as a reference from Programming collective Intelligence textbook.
Later by using the code I figured out to get the cprob() and fisherprob() values for the feeds.
I have saved all those outputs and can be seen in the following tables below.


Sample output for the first 50 feeds can be seen in the fig\ref{Samplet1} and the sample output for the last 50 feeds can be seen in the fig\ref{Samplet2}/.

